brilliant so chilblains backing Oh
charming well done all you do now oh
I've just had an idea if this is about
Darren chill Blaine I will squeeze your
head until those ridiculous eyes finally
pop act have you said another different
idea we can form a new political party
that specializes in being nice to people
a little bit more complicated than that
Malik well be the policies of your party
all its stand for oh I can't really put
it into words how do you think you could
express it hmm perhaps in his song
imagine a world of place enjoy everyone
nice man good boy that's the party that
we should be at making nice pearly
deeply let's get this party started
right our manifesto is being nice to
people party with a be nice to people
party you laptops broke Wilfred sweets
dharti whether people party boys it's a
party by just spreading the love yeah
well how's it work impractical I can
show you in a row paper hello man how
are you today not so good my friend my
wife just passed away to show you
something that'll make you not care he
dare they threw the having an affair
but I feel such a fool now I'm glad
she's dead let's go shoot so clean
party whether be nice to people party
will lend you a copy of exchange in
Marty wigger party oh snap melon how
would you involve members of the public
with this oh I can show you this
department of audio right I'll be nice
um how about oh that the girl in the
pink in the middle all right lovely lady
with giant hand if you got a problem
with your plan
made that thicker than Stevie stand up
when you go through we will be gone to
put the picking up stuff but the father
says you got no
be nice to me grow party why do karate
with a party girls got problems with a
guns and you've made a feel it's okay
just be yourself yeah that's great be
nice to people party whether be nice to
people party will buy you a cafe latte
whether be nice to people party all
right war great party tell you what
though boys it's a bit of a mouthful
isn't it be nice to people party
preacher we can make it more snappy
something like vote for the BND
try the gas to sing both B and P oh this
is awkward well let's just make
something absolutely crystal clear we
are clowns done endorse any political
party nor indeed do we have any views
about any subject what's her ever nice
the people party
you